Sluggish. Liverpool so bright. Scorer of the first goal Dejan Lovren Antonio Conte has been complimented, I think, rightly so, for his use of substitutes in his short time as Chelsea boss. That may well come into play again here. Just about to say he's giving the same 11 players he started with a chance to turn it around. Here's Matic Willian Looks like Oscar's going further forward, closer to Diego Costa and. Kante and Matic have squared off in midfield. Certainly you need to get the ball forward quicker and try and involve Diego Costa more. Matic Hazard Now Willian Let's see how Liverpool approach this in this situation as well. Away from home, expect to be under some pressure. Chelsea will surely be better in the second half. I think it's for certain if they do get a goal back, Liverpool can Fold defensively for periods in games, we've seen that this season, even in the Arsenal game where they were brilliant in the second half for about 20 minutes and then all of a sudden the Arsenal back in the game. 4-1 in became 4-3 and it was nervy at the end. Crowd reminding Martin Atkinson about the Limit and how long. Restart should take. There's no doubt you see Costa there at the top of your picture in the centre screen. He's further up the field. Coutinho Pulling him is Ivanovic. Do you think, Gary, that the way Chelsea started was perhaps a tactic that went wrong, that they were just sitting back and maybe trying to draw this thing out of Liverpool? I think so. I think during the half time, reflecting on what we saw, I think that it was happening too often that Liverpool were able to sort of get control of the game and Chelsea were in that 451 shape. They are trying to be a bit more purposeful here, Oscar to Costa, but the rashness of Ivanovic and the goal giving away blows the tactics and planning out of the water, and then it looks like a failed. Miserable plan really. It looked like a shoddy performance rather than something that was reigned in a little bit deliberately at the start. There's no doubt that if you are, Chelsea have been thinking about the Lallana, Mane, Coutinho in those spaces in front of the back four and wanting to close them down. So. It was probably a tactic that's gone wrong. Matic. Hazard Martin Atkinson showing no sympathy for Diego Costa that time. Kante getting back, he gets in so quickly. And Mane felt. The speed of the challenge, then. They are going to build brick by brick here, Chelsea, you feel themselves certain amount of sustained possession and pressure in the game. There's only that little flourish after they've gone. Immediately after they've gone two nil down. There's another weak moment from the Matic his time. Here's Sturridge could have gone to Coutinho in the first place. Wijnaldum was in space. Willian. They can counter attack now, Liverpool. You are right, brick by brick. I thought the most dangerous Chelsea looked in the first half was from set pieces and that in itself as a tactic wouldn't be a bad thing in the second half to try and win as many as they can. Lallana, touch from Wijnaldum. Lovely from Coutinho, Lallana. Sturridge wasn't setting up on the sprint. Long ball really from Azpilicueta Matip has been very good in terms of been quite aggressive in dealing with Costa. When the ball has been played up towards them. Willian losing out to Coutinho. Chelsea a bit lucky to get it back. Lallana Back to James Milner. Lallana Henderson Lovely touch from Mane, Coutinho slipping. Something pieced together beautifully by Liverpool. It's not like him, Coutinho Danel Sturridge, over on the far side and the runner on his near, missed the pass. Kante, David Luiz. Remember his first debut was a home defeat to Liverpool. A bit of lightning around the southeast of England. Might metaphorically strike twice in the same place for the fellow on the ball here. They are so open to counterattacks, Chelsea when they give it away. Willian Dig across coming in. Good reach by Mignolet. Put himself up and he's back in position that defenders weren't sure about that. Eyes on the ball.Hazard and that's Kante. The swipe at it really. Scooped forward by Sadia Mane. Clyne. Kante was attacking a moment or two ago. He's back harassing and fouling. Crowd don't like it, but the whistle hasn't gone because Martin Atkinson has recognised Liverpool did have the ball. One of those areas where two nil up away from home, you might have been happy to have the free kick. Honestly, I'm not sure how the benefit could have been with Liverpool not to have the free kick. It's a dangerous position. Matip, will deflect from Sturridge. But Chelsea started the evening knowing a win, would take them top of the table at the start of this weekend. They have never won in the Premier League years after being two nil down at half time. When Liverpool are passing it looks like combinations. It's like single passes from Chelsea. There's no real combinations happening. Little one there. And then the next pass isn't there, He's got to go on his own. Costa having a go on his own. Great challenge by Milner. Clean as a whistle. Lallana running it on for Mane own trying to take Luiz on on the half term. He hasn't changed his image while he's been away. David Luiz. You would suspect not changed his play, but he's taken too many risks here. He must wonder what he's walked back into it. Yeah, I don't think he's been culpable for anything that's gone wrong in terms of the actual goals. And he has been quite safe if anything. When the balls gone down the channel, he's not trying any Cryuff turn. He just kicked it out of play. Matic. And couldn't keep it in. You just fill with David Luiz that Chelsea would have had a list of central defenders they wanted to sign and not sure how near the top of it he was. The other targets, presumably we're out of reach Just a bizarre signing, really because. I said early on in the game that he's played with Cahill before and it hasn't worked that well. He's played with Terry before and they don't seem to get on that well and play together. So I thought that now Conte brought him back and I can't believe he's a Conte type of player. It's his ball that Diego Costa's chasing now. Beautifully delivered from the back and the on rushing forward. In terms of double Luiz, there is definitely a place. He's a big character and personality just doesn't seem to fit. What's here Big ball from Nemanja Matic to William. Went across Milner. Lovren is secured by the near post. Good defending. Ivanovic. Mane nearly pinched that Chelsea would been in trouble. Here's Azpilicueta, bit more fervor in the Chelsea support. More aggression in the Chelsea play. Ivanovic this is something a lot. When Chelsea didn't last third. Not enough to get into feet. Trying to win a corner, but he's trying to get his crossing. Actually, it's better they can feed it into feet in around the edge of the box rather than just keep playing around the face of Liverpool. Matic goes to try and flick it off. Nuisance. David Luiz taking on himself gives it to. Ivanovic. This is Hazard. Staying on his feet to his credit It was good for Mane to get back. Willian, now team blue in the middle. Ivanovic with a weaving run Goal kick. It was a little clumsy from James Milner to start with, but by the time he fell He sort of threw himself to the ground. This bits a little bit clumsy there. He's Struggling, he's wrestling with him there, James Milner He played a part in that Chelsea equaliser at Swansea, didn't he? By driving the ball, looked up for Costa to his second goal. Daniel Sturridge applauding the Liverpool fans and not the Chelsea majority used to cheer him and Divock Origi comes on In place. Of the England striker. And of course, whether there's a bit of fitness issue there, no one will remember in the 56th minute of the game, what Mane did at the back post there to get back and stop what was a likely goal for Eden Hazard in so much space. So close to goal. It's brilliant work back from the wide player. This is the work. I think your teammates really do appreciate. He's just about to line up there to shoot. He gets back in and get some foot in and turns him away from goal. Ivanovic. Exposed in some ways that has been tough with David Luiz coming back, but are they going to go to three at the back but to go to three at the back, which they could do and I ask myself the question where are the wingbacks? There's an obvious energetic up and down wingbacks here that I can see that Chelsea might ask Willian, but is he really a wing back? I'm not sure. Here's Oscar. Going for goal? I suppose Marcus Alonso might come into that category as a wingback. Maybe. Put the such specialist positions the energy required to be such a good defenders, incredible endurance, good attacking. Not say obvious. That is going back in time, isn't it, to have a back three of David Luiz Cahill and Terry. Here's Coutinho winning it and the Chelsea fans are angry with their team again. He's been poor, Ivanovic, I have to say. Lallana. Back to him from Mane. You could argue he started. The rashness in the 1st 15 minutes and he looks really like he's struggling. Had a poor season last year. Coutinho Origi. Just watch Ivanovic when the ball's around him, he's finding it difficult to get near anybody. Matic. Diego Costa. It was a sweet turn in the first place Oscar but then he was crowded out, not fouled. Martin Atkinson just a couple of yards away from the incident. I think there's a little tap on his ankles. Lovren Look at Matic, Ivanovic. They looked really leggy. Really legggy. We know this Liverpool team can do that to you, but well. Distances are measured these days, aren't they and Liverpool are noted to run further than any other team in the opening round of games. David Luiz running with the ball. Matic Now, Willian. Since they beat West Ham, they've won at Watford, beaten Burnley here, drawn at Swansea where they really had enough to win the game. Here's Matic. He's done very well. Can he pick someone out now. He has! Diego Costa! Well, this could turn the tide. His hot streak continues. Matic did superbly. Well from absolutely no where, just say about Matic looking leggy and all of a sudden so poor from Liverpool, Jordan Henderson there to stop, not go with that run, Adam Lallana really is poor defending of course their own problems. It's good from Matic. Matip doesn't do enough. He's getting brought into the game. Where exactly where he would want it, Diego Costa but I have to say, Liverpool's vulnerability. Surfacing out of nowhere there and he's alive. Get back and get on with it was the message from the manager. It was not an easy finish. It wasn't the most straightforward of heights and he had to get power in it to beat the goalkeeper and the man on the line. Liverpool now concede a free kick. Well, that's a completely different game. The crowd are up. He'll be up. The game was just drifting by, it felt like. You'd say at halftime, get through the first 15 minutes of the second half, If you are Jurgen Klopp. They've done that. But a minute later. A different complexion for the game and suddenly now Chelsea might be one touch away from equalising. That's a big task for Liverpool now, Jurgen Klopp. Suddenly he's got to get out Fearing what might happen here. Punched out by Mignolet. Ivanovic in there, He's hardly had a touch, Diego Costa but he's had a telling touch here to keep his great run going. Five goals already now in the Premier League this season. Just watch Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson. The ball gets played off and then both of them. So poor. Matip, so poor and just didn't have to do a lot in the end, just chips it over. It's a simple finish. A little bit of a attempted block on the line from Milner. He knows they are back in the game, the eyes. well, it's the first time we've seen the eyes tonight. The first chance he's had tonight and he's gobbled it up. There's one thing, certainly for all played well, Liverpool for 60 minutes, you can't trust them defensively. Still no clean sheet in the Premier League this season for them. It's a big let down. It really is because they are fantastic to watch, particularly when the play with the quick combinations, the movements when you see things like that. it really does let them down. Massive frustration and anger. You can see it there. He can't believe it. You just wonder, Gary, generally where the ruthless, brutal defenders are. Because we see so many soft goals in the Premier League. There's nothing happening on the pitch there and he's probably just thinking, you know, his thoughts. He's there shaking something. I can't believe what I've just seen. We have created this ourselves. Forward by Costa could be in again here. He was offside It was. He might not have been, but he looks outside from the header down from Oscar. Not sure the assistant referee's in line maybe he was. We'll see here. But again, a bit more direct. Just maybe. The emotion that he is in, Conte now. The entire country has beeen talking about the difference between managing in Italy and in England and how you can control games you can. Effectively. Get yourself across the line, manage the situation in Italian football much easier than in this league where things can happen right to the very last. We're delighted to say because this is going to be some last 25 minutes here. Good three games this season for Arsenal, Liverpool first game this season 4-3, the Manchester Derby and now this one. All really good games to watch and see there now Chelsea. More than just a goal now dominating the ball. It's just gone out for Kante You talk about where the dependable defenders. Maybe there aren't many around, but. I suppose leaders on the pitch, but they're able to turn the game around and hold the game and slow it down or quicken it up. Liverpool at the moment they are a very good team to watch. They just lack that strength sometimes. Still a threat going forward. They felt that they need to score again if they're going to win here. Couthinho, Clyne, Lallana. Out by Azpilicueta. I think you're right. That's Jurgen Klopp would be thinking as well. At the end of the goal. Mane, he's so elusive, so determined. Getting into the penalty area and he was going to say the Chelsea, what are you gonna do to stop me? How you gonna stop me? They did stop him fairly enough. Taking the steam out the game. Nathaniel Clyne taking his time with the throw in. Keep it away. from your own defensive 3rd and just. Get yoursleves back into the game and this next 5 minutes. Big 5 minutes. Cleared away Hazard. Matip, Clyne got a foot to it. David Luiz. Coutinho nudging it down for Milner, not had so many chances to get forward in the second half. Room for Wijnaldum. Henderson. Coutinho, from a standing start. Good strength from Origi. Played in by Milner, out by David Luiz, then Henderson. Milner again. Happy to get the free kick. The last couple of minutes has been good for Liverpool. At this point, just need to slow the game down. It's a welcome free kick. Just takes the sting out of the game and the crowd. Nail biting. The organization again Chelsea in the middle. It's not an organisation. I'm not sure whether zonal marking the gaps are big, certainly not conventional. Lovren going across the front. Very desperately difficult for goalkeepers. Courtois delighted that he wasn't called upon. And he's helpless Courtois. That's just a little sneak up one of his own players. All of them Liverpool player past him. It's Ivanovic with a really good defensive header. A man on either post, Chelsea. Courtois to claim to start the counter attack. Throws it out to Hazard. Great throw. Hazard leaves for Lallana. Running from the goalkeeper this remember. Now Liverpool, they've got the energy and they're all racing back in the end, the pass actually relief the danger. Great. Good catch. Excellent throw. Matic. Hazard Azpilicueta Chelsea thinking having set up the goal down that side, that might be the area to approach within this meeting out here on the opposite flank. Ivanovic. Azpilicueta, Hazard Diego Costa, not quite on the Money. Good covering by Clyne. It was good from Clyne. Matic Run out of room here. 20 minutes to go. Coming up on Super Sunday Crystal Palace at home to Stoke on 30 Sky Sports One. Followed up by Spurs against Sunderland. They would want to put themselves together after he probably watched on sky on Monday night. Everton put them to the sword in that second half. Chelsea could be in trouble here. Mane's offside and Origi had the chance to take it on himself. It's probably where you would want Sturridge. He has the left foot there. Origi chose the wrong option. It was a big chance for the Liverpool. Antonio Conte. Still not shuffling his pack. Resisted. changing. Starting 11 so far bit surprising, but they are getting stronger in the game, that's for certain. Cesc Fabregas I think maybe Mitchy Batshuayi has done the good things. From the bench already. He has options. Victor Moses as well is still a Chelsea player. Lots of loans, including one at Liverpool. Kante David Luiz chased by Mane. Jurgen Klopp adds so much of his players in terms of energy industry. Over applied there Kante Hazard's turn. Past Henderson gives it straight to Coutinho. He's putting in a shift, isn't he? Sadio Mane With the ball and without it. But he's not the only one, Chelsea. Raising their industry as well, encouraged by the goal. Freekick given against Divock Origi. It's a throw in See whether gthe ball's gone out. Could be a dangerous foot in Oscar's face but he shied away from it. Understandably, Henderson hooked it forward. On to Coutinho. Out of play again. Really is a product the rivalry of. Recent history the Mourinho -Benitez clashes. A war of words before a ball was kicked usually. Cahill Matic. Cleared by Wijnaldum After the shock of conceding, Liverpool have got their shape back again. Looking more orderly. Chelsea thought that was really going to light the blue touch paper for them. Hasn't quite happened. There haven't been fireworks since. You know, they've managed the last. 7 or 8 minutes really well, Liverpool. Crowd have been. A little bit flat. You have to say the goal came from absolutely nowhere out of nothing. In this position. In Swansea last Sunday and got a 2-2 out of it, here's Willian offering, goalkeeper would be required and in the end required in a simple fashion. Very surprise with Liverpool, but I don't trust them to see the game out for some reason. Maybe it's the evidence of what we have seen in the last three or four years, but when the game drifts the better when they are really proactive and on the front foot and playing like they play and say their football stopped as well. In his chair. Having those thoughts as well. He's seen it before. There are some managers who are cool and calculated and genuinely not so emotional about it that live on results. They know that, but others kick every ball and Jurgen Klopp is in that category and you say Antonio Conte as well. It was handled by someone. What a clearance that was. Very strange clearance in the end of it by David Luiz. But Chelsea have survived that and the penalty shout. Wijnaldum with a great piece of retrieving for Liverpool. And the more risk that Chelsea need to take. The better chance Liverpool have got of picking up the third goal with the counterattack. This is a more controlled attack. Wijnaldum Sentt back from Lovren Spots Matip. Henderson. For Clyne He's put in a great cross and unfortunately the man most likely to attack it was the little Coutinho Chelsea fans still. Not happy with their team and. Looking at their side wasting possession when they do get it. Liverpool can more clinical, they have been for the majority of the game so far. Mane Clyne again. Coutinho! Oh and the deflection could have wrong footed Courtois. It could have gotten there for Origi. Gary Cahill was a good boy. He's got a good crossing. He's pulled back behind the Chelsea defence. A good touch. Just GaryCahill gets that left foot on it. More effective when the cross is coming low, Coutinho. The earlier one asked too much of him. Lallana. And they're engaging better, Chelsea, but they're still not doing it to actually being able to control the game as they desperately need to in this last dozen minutes or so. Mane charging back on Oscar again. Matic who set up one. Kante getting into the box. He has the same problems as Coutinho in that respect. Wijnaldum. Both sides waiting to make a change. Origi Lallana wanting a runner to the left, but there wasn't one. Liverpool controlling the game. with possession in the middle of the pitch. Chelsea have nothing to do about it. Coutinho It's the best way to see it through. Of course for Liverpool here. They have the ball. Their lead is intact. Chelsea actually going to make two changes. Liverpool keeping possession shrewdly. Cooly. Lallana, Milner have a pass on and Martin Atkinson a bit of a problem for Coutinho, won't stop him playing it back to Milner. And Origi! Well, that could be a really big moment in the game. It was a great chance to wrap it up for Liverpool. Courtois kept it out. It stays at 2-1. Hands on his head. Should have headed the ball in the back of the net. It is a fantastic move. So many passes, the deflection is perfect. Move it down to be fair to him. Courtois gets down well. It's a good save. It's behind him. Left hand strong. What a chance. 5 yards out. That's the game, isn't it? Yeah. Big moments. still in the balance. Still got his hands on his head. Lucas, who played as a makeshift centre back against Leicester Coutinho, not happy to be hooked.Not happy. Lucas on now is a defensive change. Lucas' last goal for Liverpool was six years ago this very date. Chelsea have three lined up to come on, but they're gonna make a Mourinho like situation. Corner to be taken first, Diego Costa heads away. Kante It was Origi going in with a foot race. Hazard Here's Matic. Henderson. Taken down by David Luiz. Chelsea Triplets still waiting to come on. Away by Ivanovic who has had better nights. Mane He's done a really good job Henderson tonight. Here comes the reshuffle from Antonio Conte. Victor Moses for Willian. Moses getting another chance here at Chelsea. Discarded him after pre season. after pre seasons to other clubs on loan Cesc Fabregas replaces Matic, Maybe fine, although Matic found the one pass that's led to a Chelsea goal. Fabregas the arch assister. And it's Pedro for Oscar. Very late changes from Conte 10 minutes. Fo those three players to make an impact. Origi found by Wijnaldum. Milner Wijnaldum He was outside with the flag. 6 minutes plus stoppage time. Chelsea still chasing. Racing because of a very below par first half. Hazard has gone through the middle with Costa, Pedro left Moses right, Fabrgas in midfield. Here's Lallana. Make sure to help Milner. Too long for Wijnaldum at this stage. Maybe just stretch the muscle and setting off on that chase, having a look at the bench now it's the thumbs up from the Dutchman. David Luiz. A happy homecoming thus far, though, as Gary was saying, no real finger pointing at him. Fabregas. Here's Lucas. Martin Atkinson right on the s again, Mane, Origi. Cahill goes across and wins the duel. And Hazard. Costa had to get back on side. Which he's managed to do. Nathaniel Clynee looked like he the lost flight of the ball in the air. Very good game. Here's Pedro. We'll see fighting to the very least preserved their unbeaten start to the season. Antonio Conte came here, of course, with a great record of unbeaten home games, home games for one, for Juventus. Already won two out of two. In the Premier League. Very much under threat here. Three and the half minutes plus stoppage time. Now his words in his press conference before the game he mentioned before about the Premier League, he could never relax. Here's Moses Swansea on Sunday and here tonight is their taste. Have scored a lot of late goals. Chelsea already this season. Turned it around at Watford. Demoralising for Liverpool to lose this game, I'm sorry, draw this game. Sorry, I'll drop points. They've been the better team. Ivanovic For Fabregas Hazard looking up for Moses Costa. Kept it in. Knows he was gone again. I don't know. They were so close to each other when there was a chance to tee up the substitute. Here's Ivanovic leaving it to Hazard as you would. Fabregas. Hazard Caught by Lucas. Lucas says no. But Martin Atkinson says free kick Chelsea. He lost out of 5050. Lucas in the box just before that. And then he plays it Hazard. He sticks his left boot out there. Not sure he's done a lot wrong. Lucas. Hazard. He does that. He's won the free kick. Lucas booked. Well, well, Liverpool have had so much supremacy. Very good value for their two nil half time lead. Antonio Conte would take 2-2 for the second game in a row in the Premier League and David Luiz. Scared tonight. Chance not to be scarred by the result. I think you put your centre backs in the wall where Adam Lallana is and Wijnaldum Just put your centre back in he's gonna shoot. Let them look big. Matcic looks okay on this side. It's into the wall. Fabregas, shouts for handball. Poor freekick from. Fabregas. Quick interception by David Luizs on the retreat, Otherwise, MaNE and Wijnaldum would have been away. I think Fabregas was quite. Going to go up here. Fabregas, banking on the fact that Liverpool were concentrating on David Luiz. Poor free kick. Let's talk about the lack of height. Little bit of a. hand ball by Wijnaldum They are bringing on the Kevin Stewart for Wijnaldum, who has been showing signs of fatigue. Getting a senior career with Liverpool he was with Tottenham. Alex Engelhaupt moved from. Spurs to Liverpool as a coach and when Stewart was released at White Hart Lane. Made sure Liverpool picked him up and he's going To try and help get them across the line here alongside Lucas. A barrier in front of the back four. Here they are, 21 and 35. Three added minutes. Chelsea chosen to play short. Pick up in the middle.