Sluggish, Liverpool so bright. Score of the first goal, Dejan Lovren. Antonio Conte has been complimented, I think rightly so, for his use of substitutes in his short time as Chelsea boss. That may well come into play again here. I was just about to say, he's given the same 11 plays. He's started with a chance to turn it around. Here's Matic. Willian. Looks like Oscar's gone further forward, closer to Diego Costa. Conte and Matic are squared off in midfield. They certainly do need to get the ball forward quicker and try and involve Diego Costa more. Matic. Hazard. Now Willian. Can't see how Liverpool approach it in this situation as well. Away from home, expect to be under some pressure. Chelsea will surely be better in the second half. Thanks for certain, if they do get a goal back, Liverpool can hold defensively for periods in games. We've seen that this season, even in the Arsenal game, where they were brilliant in the second half for about 20 minutes, And all of a sudden, Arsenal are back in the game. 4-1 became 4-3 and it was Nerby at the end. The crowd reminding Martin Atkinson of the limit of how long restarts should take. There's no doubt you see Costa there at the top of your picture, the centre screen. He's further up the field. Coutinho. Coming in the sandwich. Do you think, Gary, that the way Chelsea started was perhaps a tactic that went wrong? That they were just sitting back and trying to draw the sting out of Liverpool? I think so. I think, during the half-time, reflecting on what we saw, I think it was happening too often that Liverpool were able to get control of the game, And Chelsea were in that 4-5-1 shape. Trying to be a bit more purposeful here, Oscar for Costa. But the rashness of Ivanovic and the goal given away blows the tactics of Plan A out of the water, And then it looks like a failed, miserable plan, really. It looks like a shoddy performance rather than something that was reined in a little bit deliberately at the start. There's no doubt that if you are Chelsea, you'll have been thinking about Lallana, Mane, Coutinho in those spaces, In front of the back four, and wanting to close them down, So I think it was probably a tactic that's gone wrong. Matic. Hazard. And for that, there's no sympathy for Diego Costa that time. He gets in so quickly. Mane felt the speed of the challenge there. They're brick by brick here, Chelsea, you feel. They've given themselves a certain amount of sustained possession and pressure in the game, It's only that little flourish immediately after they've gone 2-0 down, And there's another weak moment from Matic, this time. Here's Costa could have gone for Coutinho in the first place. If he wanted to, he was in space. Right, brick by brick. I thought the most dangerous Chelsea looked in the first half, And that in itself is a tactic, wouldn't be a bad thing in the second half, To try and win as many as they can. Lallana, attack from Wijnaldum. Lovely from Coutinho, Lallana. Sturridge wasn't setting off on the sprint. The ball nearly for Asperner-Koethe. Matic have been very good in terms of being quite aggressive in dealing with Costa. When the ball has been played up towards them. Moving out to Coutinho. Chelsea a bit lucky to get it back. Lallana. Back to James Milner. Lallana. Henderson. Lovely touch from Mane. And Coutinho, it's been pieced together beautifully by Liverpool, then. Not like him. Coutinho, Sturridge over on the far side. Milner on his knee. Missed the pass. Contact. David Luiz, remember, his first debut was a home defeat to Liverpool. There's a bit of lightning around the south-east of England. Might metaphorically strike twice in the same place for the fella on the ball here. And the saw opens a counter-attack. Chelsea believing it away. Willian. Diego Costa coming in, good reach. Domingo Minolet. Picked himself up. And he's back in position, the defenders weren't sure about that. Eyes on the ball. Hazard. And that's Conte, and a swipe at it, really. Slid forward by Sadio Mane. Klein. Conte, who was attacking a moment or two ago, is back, Harrison. And fouling. The crowd doesn't like it, but the whistle hasn't gone because Martin Atkinson's. Recognised Liverpool did have the ball. One of those areas where, 2-0 up, away from home, you might have been happy to have the free kick. I was going to say, I'm not sure how the benefit could have been with Liverpool not to have the free kick. It's a dangerous position. Matip. A deflect from Sturridge. But Chelsea started the evening knowing a win. They take them top of the table at the start of this weekend. They have never won in the Premier League years after being 2-0 down at half-time. Liverpool have passed it, it looks like combinations, it looks like single passes from Chelsea. There's no real combinations happening. A little one there. The next pass isn't there, he's got his on his own. Costa having a go on his own. Great challenge by Milner. And there's a whistle. Milner, running it on for Mane, trying to take David Luiz on, on the half-term. He hasn't changed his image while he's been away, David Luiz. I would suspect not changed his play, but he's. Taken too many risks here. He must wonder what he's walked back into. I don't think he's been culpable for anything that's gone wrong in terms of the actual goals. He has been quite safe, if anything. When the ball's gone down the channel, he's not tried any cross turns, he's just kicked it out of play. Matip. Couldn't keep it in. You just feel, with David Luiz, that Chelsea would have had a list of central defenders they wanted to sign. Not sure how near the top of it he was, the other targets, presumably, were out of reach. It's a bizarre signing, really, because, as I said earlier on in the game, He's played with Kale before and it hasn't worked that well. He's played with Terry before and they don't seem to get on that well and play together. So I think that now Conte's brought him back and I can't believe he's a Conte type of player. It was his ball that got Diego Costa chasing there, beautifully delivered from the back. And he's on rushing forward. In terms of David Luiz, there is definitely a place for him, he's a big character and personality. Just doesn't seem to fit what's here. What's here? Deep ball from Nemanja Matic to Willian. Wrong foot, Milner. Lovren is secure by the near post, good defending. Ivanovic. And they nearly pinch that. Chelsea would have been in trouble. Here's Azpilicueta. A bit more fervour in the Chelsea support. A bit more aggression in the Chelsea play. Ivanovic. This has happened a lot when Chelsea had it in the last third. They've not done that enough to get it into feet. They're trying to win a corner, but so are they. They're trying to get his cross in, actually. It's better, they can feed it in to feet, in and around the edge of the box, Rather than just keep playing around the face of Liverpool. Matic goes, trying to flick it on. A bit of a nuisance. David Luiz, taking on himself, gives it to Ivanovic. This is Hazard, staying on his feet, to his credit. It's good for him, Mane, to get back. And team blue in the middle. Ivanovic. Goal kick. It was a little clumsy from James Milner to start with, But by the time he fell. He sort of threw himself to the ground. This bit's a little bit clumsy there. He's struggling, he's wrestling with it, James Milner, and then. He played a part in that Chelsea equaliser at Swansea, didn't he? The ball looped up for Costa, he had his second goal. Daniel Sturridge applauding the Liverpool fans, And not the Chelsea majority who used to cheer him. And Divock Origi comes on in place. Not being quite as good as he was in the first half. Comes on in place. Not being the striker. Down the tunnel, whether there's a fitness issue there. No-one will remember, in the 56th minute of the game. What Mane did at the back post there to get back and stop what was. A likely goal for Eden Hazard, in so much space, so close to goal. It's brilliant work back from the wide player. This is the work that your team-mates really do appreciate. He's just about to lineup there to shoot, And then he gets back in and gets a foot and turns him away from goal. Ivanovic. Supposedly, in some ways, that has been taught with David Luiz coming back, About how they're going to go to three at the back. But to go to three at the back, which they could do, I've asked myself the question, where are the wing-backs? There's an obvious energetic up-and-down wing-back, That I can see at Chelsea. You might ask William, but is he really a wing-back? I'm not sure. Here's Oscar. He's going for goal. I suppose Marcos Alonso might come into that category as a wing-back. Maybe. But the sort of specialist position, the energy required to be such a good defender, Incredible endurance, good attacking, I don't see obvious. He's going back in time, isn't he, to have a back three of David Luiz, Cahill, and Terry? Here's Coutinho winning it, and the Chelsea fans are angry with their team again. He's been poor, Ivanovic, I have to say. Lallana. Back to him from Mane. I could argue he started the rashness in the first 15 minutes, And he looks really like he's struggling, poor season last year. Coutinho. Origi. He's watched Ivanovic with the balls around him, he's finding it difficult to get near anybody. That was from Matic. There go Costa. It's a sweet turn in the first half for Moscow, but then he was crowded out, not fouled. Martin Atkinson, just a couple of yards away from the incident. Lovren. At the moment, Matic and Ivanovic look really leggy. There's no poor team that can do that to you. Distances are measured these days, aren't they? Liverpool have run further than any other team in the opening round of games. David Luiz running with the ball. Matic. Now Willian. Obviously beaten in West Ham, they've won at Watford. Burnley here, drawn at Swansea where they really had enough to win the game. Here's Matic, he's done very well. He picks him on out now, he hits it to Ivanovic. There go Costa. Well, this could turn the tide. This hot streak continues. Matic did superbly. Well, from absolutely nowhere, I was saying about Matic looking leggy, All of a sudden, so poor for Liverpool, Jordan Henderson there to stop, not go with that run, here we have the ball. He really is poor defending, they've caused their own problems. It's good for Matic. Matic doesn't do enough. He's getting brought into the game exactly where he would want it, Diego Costa, but I have to say, Liverpool's vulnerability. Surfacing out of nowhere there. He's alive. Get back and get on with it, was the message from the manager. It was not an easy finish, it wasn't the most straightforward of heights, And he had to get a foul in it to beat the goalkeeper and the man on the line. Liverpool now concede the free kick. Well, that's a completely different game. The crowd are up, he'll be up. The game was just drifting by, it felt like. You'd say, at half-time, get through the first 15 minutes, The second half. If you were Jurgen Klopp, they'd done that. But a minute later, a different complexion for the game. And suddenly now, Chelsea might be one touch away from equalising. That's a big test for Liverpool now. Jurgen Klopp. Sadly he's dug out. They're fearing what might happen here. Kovacic. Kovacic in the wall, so he's hardly had a touch. Diego Costa, but he's had a telling touch here to keep his great run going. Five goals already now in the Premier League this season. Just walked out of the line-up, Jordan Henderson. The ball gets played off, and then both of them. So poor. Matip, so poor. And just has to do a lot in the end. Just chips it over. Simple finish, a little bit of a tempted block on the line from Milner. He knows the back in the game, the eyes. Well, it's the first time we've seen the eyes tonight. The first chance he's had tonight, and he's gobbled it up. FANS CHANT. There's one thing, for all that played well Liverpool for 60 minutes, You can't trust them defensively. Still no clean sheet in the Premier League this season for them. It's a big letdown, it really is, because they are fantastic to watch. Particularly when they're playing with quick combinations, the movements. When you see things like that. It really does let them down. Massive frustration and anger. Oh, look at that, I can see it there. I can't believe it. You just wonder, Gary, generally, where the ruthless, brutal defenders are. Because we see so many soft goals in the Premier League. There was nothing happening on the pitch there, And you know his thoughts. He's there shaking, saying, I can't believe what I've just seen. We've created this ourselves. It's Costa-Puppy, and again here! Thought it was offside. You might not have been, but it looks offside. From the header down from Costa, not sure the assistant referee was in line. Maybe he was, we'll see here. But again, a bit more direct. Just maybe. Yes! And Olsen is in Conte now. Antonio Conte has been talking about the difference between managing in Italy and in England, And how you can control games, You can effectively get yourself across the line, And that makes the situation in Italian football much easier. In this league, where things can happen right to the very last, We're delighted to say, Because this is going to be some last 25 minutes here. Good three games this season. The first game of the season, the Manchester derby, And now this one. All really good games to watch. You can see there now, Chelsea, More than just the goal, now dominating the ball. Talking about where the dependable defenders, Maybe there aren't that many around, But. I suppose leaders on the pitch, That are able to turn the game around, Hold the game and slow it down, Or pick it up, That's where Liverpool are at the moment, They're a very good team to watch. They just lack that strength sometimes. Still a threat going forward. You feel that they need to score again if they're going to win here. Yeah. Coutinho, Klain, Lallana. Klain's been a creta. I think you're right, That's what Jurgen Klopp will be thinking as well, That we need another goal. He's so elusive, so determined. He's getting into the partierre now, He's going to say to Chelsea, What are you going to do to stop me? How are you going to stop me? They've been stopping fairly enough. He's taken the steam out of the game. Daniel Klain's taken his time with the throwing. Keep it away. Your own defensive. Third, Get yourselves back into the game, In this next five minutes. Big five minutes. David Luiz. Kept away by Hazard. Matip, Klain going to flip to it. David Luiz. Coutinho nudging it on for Milner. He had so many chances to get forward in the second half. Room for Wijnaldum. Henderson. Coutinho from a standing start. Good strength from Origi. Walked it in by Milner, By David Luiz, Then Henderson. Milner again. Happy to get the free kick. Last couple of minutes have been good for Liverpool, They just need to slow the game down, It's going to be a welcome free kick. Just takes the sting out of the game and the crowd. Nail-biting. The organisation. Again, Chelsea in the middle. It's not an organisation, I'm not sure whether it's zonal, Marking gaps are big, Certainly not conventional. Go on, cross the front. They're desperately difficult for goalkeepers. Courtois, delighted that he wasn't called upon. He's helped us, Courtois, That's just a little snick of one of his own players, Or a Liverpool player, And it's passed him. It's Ivanovic, with a really good defensive header. Either post for Chelsea. Courtois, the play. A counter-counter-attack. Balls it out to Hazard. Great throw. Hazard, leave Lallana. Coming from the goalkeeper, remember. And now Liverpool, they've got the energy, They're all racing back. In the end, the pass actually relieved the danger. Good catch, excellent throw. Excellent throw. Matic. Hazard. Has for the creta. I'm thinking, having set up the goal down that side, That might be the area to approach. Willian is waiting out here on the opposite flank. Ivanovic. Has for the creta. Hazard. Now Diego Costa, not quite on the money. Covering by Clyne. Always good from Clyne. Matic. He's run out of room here. 20 minutes to go. Chelsea could be in trouble here. And it's offside. Origi had the chance to take it on himself. That's probably the way you would watch Sturridge. His left foot there. He chose the wrong option. It was a big chance for Liverpool. Antonio Conte. Still not shuffling his pack. Resisted. Changing. End of the starting eleven so far. A bit surprising. But they're getting stronger in the game, that's for certain. That's Fabregas. I think maybe Michy Batiatou has done good things on the bench already. He has options. Victor Moses as well, who's still a Chelsea player. Lots of loans, including one at Liverpool. Conte. Chase by Mane. He can top us so much of his players in terms of energy, industry. Over-applied there. Conte. Hazard's turn. That's Henderson. Gives it straight to Coutinho. He's putting in a shift, isn't he? Sadio Mane. With the ball and without it. He's not the only one. Chelsea. Raising their industry as well. Encouraged by the goal. That's a free kick given against Divock Origi. The ball had gone out. A dangerous boot in Oscar's face, but he shied away from it. The standard of the game. He's got a bit of a run in. Shied away from it. Understandably, as Henderson hooked it forward. On to Coutinho. Out of play again. Really is a product, the rivalry of recent history. The Mourinho-Benitez clashes. A war of words before a ball was kicked, usually. Kehoe. Matic. By Wijnaldum. The shock of conceding, Liverpool have got their shape back again. Looking more orderly. Chelsea thought that was really going to light the blue touch paper for them. It hasn't quite happened, there haven't been fireworks since. They've managed the last seven or eight minutes really well. The crowd have been a little bit flat. I have to say, the goal came from absolutely nowhere, out of nothing. In this position. In Swansea, last Sunday and got a 2-2 out of it. Here's Willian. Offering. Goalkeeper will be required, and, in the end, required in a simple fashion. It doesn't surprise me, Liverpool, but I don't trust them to see the game out for some reason. Maybe it's the evidence of what I've seen in the last three or four years, But when a game drifts, the better way to go is to go. Maybe it's the evidence of what I've seen in the last three or four years, But when a game drifts, the better way to go is to go. They're really proactive and on the front foot, and playing like they play. I would say their football stopped as well. He sat back in his chair. They're in those thoughts as well. I've seen it before. There are some managers who are cool and calculated, And genuinely not so emotional about it, And they live on the results, they know that, But others kick every ball, and Jurgen Klopp is in that category. And you say Antonio Conte as well. It was a handball by Sumo. What a clearance that is. A very strange clearance in the end of it by David Luiz, But Chelsea have survived that. And the penalty shout. Wijnaldum with a great piece of retrieving for Liverpool. The more risk that Chelsea need to take, The better chance Liverpool have got of picking up the third goal with a counter-attack. This is a more controlled attack. Wijnaldum. Back from Lovren. Scots Matip. Henderson. To Clyne. He's put in a great cross, But unfortunately the man most likely to attack it was the little Coutinho. Chelsea fans still. .not happy with their team. Thinking that they're wasting possession when they do get it. Liverpool can be more clinical, they have been for the majority of the game so far. Mane. Clyne again. Coutinho! Oh, and the deflection could have gone for it. Gautam could have got in there for Origi. Gary Cahill. Good ball, he's put a couple of good crosses, He's pulled back behind the Chelsea defence, it's a good touch. It's just Gary Cahill who gets that left boot on it. More effective when the cross is coming low. Coutinho in the earlier one asked too much of it. Lallana. They're engaging better, Chelsea, But they're still not doing it to actually being able to control the game, As they desperately need to in this last dozen minutes or so. Oh, challenging back on Oscar again. Matic, who set up one. Kante getting into the box. It's the same problems as Coutinho in that respect. Wijnaldum. Both sides waiting to make a change. Origi. Lallana, wanting a runner to the left, but there wasn't one. Certainly controlling the game. Left-foot possession. And another pitch from Chelsea. Not much can be said about it this morning. Coutinho. It's the best way to see it through for Liverpool here. They have the ball. Their lead is intact. Chelsea actually going to make two changes. Liverpool keeping possession shrewdly, coolly. Lallana. Milner, have a pass on. Martin Atkinson a bit of a problem for Coutinho. Stop him putting it back to Milner. And Origi! Well, that could be a really big moment in the game. It was a great chance to wrap it up for Liverpool. Courtois kept it out. It stays at 2-1. Hands on his head. He should have headed the ball in the back of the net, it's a fantastic move. So many passes. The deflection is perfect. It's a good save, it's behind him, left hand, strong. What a chance. Five yards out. That's the game, isn't it? Big moment. Still in the balance. Still got his hands on his head. Lucas, who played as makeshift centre-back against Leicester. Coutinho not happy to be hooked. Not happy. Milner is a defensive change. Lucas' last goal for Liverpool was six years ago, this very date. Chelsea have three lined up to come on, But they're going to make it a Mourinho-like situation. Milner to be taken first, Diego Costa heads away. Conte. Sarriga going in with a foot raised. Hazard. Here's Matic. Henderson. Down by David Luiz. Chelsea, triplets still waiting to come on. Given away by Adanovic, who's had better nights. Mane. That pass has been really good, Jordan Henderson tonight. And here comes the reshuffle from Antonio Conte. Victor Moses for Willian. And he's got another chance here at Chelsea. They've discarded him after three seasons. The other clubs for loan campaigns. Cesc. Fabregas replaces Matic. Maybe fine for them, Matic should find the one pass that's led to a Chelsea goal. Fabregas the arch-assister. And it's Pedro for Oscar. Very late changes. Ten minutes. Almost three players to make an impact. Origi found by Wijnaldum. Milner. Wijnaldum. He was offside. Sturckberg with the flag. Six minutes, bus stop each time. Chelsea still chasing. Chasing because of a very below-par first half. Hazard's gone through the middle with Costa. Pedro left, Moses right. Fabregas in midfield. Here's Lallana. Not sure to help. Milner, too long for Wijnaldum at this stage. He's maybe just stretched a muscle setting off on that chase. Look at the bench now, thumbs up from the Dutchman. David Luiz. A happy homecoming thus far. As Gary was saying, no real finger-pointing at him. Fabregas. Here's Lucas. Right on the scene again. Mane, Origi, Cahill goes across and wins the duel. Hazard and Costa had to get back onside. Which they've managed to do. He lost flight with the ball. And in the air. Another good game. Here's Pedro. Chelsea fighting to the very least. Preserved their unbeaten start to the season. Antonio Conte came here with a great record of unbeaten home games. One of Juventus. Already won two out of two in the Premier League. Very much under threat here. Three and a half minutes past stoppage time now. His words in his press conference before the game, he mentioned them before about the Premier League, you can never relax. Here's Moses. Swansea on Sunday and here tonight is their taste. They've scored a lot of late goals, Chelsea, already this is. Turned it around at Watford. Demoralising for Liverpool to lose this game, sorry, draw this game, drop points. They're the better team. Here's Ivanovic. Fabregas. Hazard looking for Moses. Costa. Kept it in. Moses has gone again, I don't know, they were so close to each other when there was a chance to tee up the substitute. Here's Ivanovic leaving it to Hazard, as he would. Fabregas. Hazard. Caught by Lucas, Lucas says no, but Martin Atkinson says free kick, Chelsea. They lost out in the 50-50, Lucas in the box just before that, and then he plays for Hazard, he sticks his left boot out there, see. Not sure he's done a lot wrong, Lucas. Hazard, he does that, and he's won the free kick. Lucas booked. Well, Liverpool have had so much supremacy. Very good value for their 2-0 half-time lead. Antonio Conte would take 2-2 for the second game in a row in the Premier League. And David Luiz. Scarred tonight. Chance not to be scarred by the result. I think he put his centre-backs in the wall, where Adam Lallana is, and Wijnaldum. He's put his centre-backs in, he's gonna shoot. It doesn't look big. Henderson and Origi look OK on this side. Fabregas shouts for handball. Poor free kick from Fabregas. Good interception by David Luiz on the retreat, otherwise Mane and Wijnaldum would have been away. I think Fabregas was. .looks like gonna go up here. Fabregas banking on the fact that Liverpool were concentrating on David Luiz. Poor free kick. Talk about the lack of height, little bit of a handball. Wijnaldum. They're bringing on Kevin Stewart for Wijnaldum, who has been showing signs of fatigue. Stewart getting a senior career with Liverpool, he was with Tottenham. Alex Inglethorpe moved from Spurs to Liverpool as a coach. And when Stewart was released at White Hart Lane, Made sure Liverpool picked him up, and he's. .gonna try and help get them across the line here, Alongside Lucas, a barrier in front of the back four. There they are, 21-35. Three added minutes, Liverpool that away from three splendid points. Chelsea to stay firm, win the first ball, but we've read it. Chelsea to play short. Pick up in the middle. Retreat by David Luiz. Liverpool holding a line.