And away we go. It's a starry starry night here at Stamford Bridge. So many individual talents and two clubs that have produced some wonderful encounters, particularly in the last decade or so. All sorts of competitions. Sturridge knows all about this place. Slightly confusing his team-mate Sadio Mane, or maybe it was the other way around. As expected, Liverpool straight out of the blocks. Half cleared by Oscar. That's a fine again. Trying to get across. There was Wijnaldum. Wijnaldum got into a good position. Gary Cahill to be fair to him, read it well. It's been quite a wet 24 hours in the London area. Heavy storms. Temperature is still good. A lovely night for football. And a great setting for it. A real theatre of the Premier League here. Diego Costa nearly put through. There was a space there. And Willian who played the pass goes again. Coutinho. Milano. Sturridge waiting on the right, Mane feeding him. He has to get it on his left foot and do that sort of thing. Oh, Thibaut Courtois. Made it slip. But it's stuck on the ground rather than the goalkeeper's grasp. A heart in his mouth. Has to be the question, I think he knew that Daniel Sturridge would cut back on his left foot. Didn't really do enough about it. I think he had to get closer to him, knowing he was going to do this. Courtois, a lucky man. Here's Henderson. Such a quick start to the game. Liverpool! We are the champions! Liverpool! We are the champions! Liverpool! We are the champions! Liverpool! We are the champions! Liverpool! We are the champions! Liverpool! We are the champions! Liverpool! Liverpool gave it in, it was Arsenal. First game of the season, they started the first half poorly, but they were brilliant in the second half. Passed it quickly, with real intent, and started off two minutes in, but they looked confident. When they are good away from home, they're brilliant. Fantastic results, including the one here last season, which gave Jürgen Klopp his first Premier League win. Sturridge playing a senior game at Chelsea, against Chelsea for the first time, although he's probably been calling a goal he scored here for Man City's youth team in a Youth Cup final. Before he moved on to Chelsea. Here's David Luiz. For the second time, he starts Chelsea's career with a debut at home to Liverpool. From his point of view, it would be better than the first one, they lost that. He's definitely added pace into this Chelsea team, constantly playing far higher than John Terry. Mentioning about Luiz, I think the strange thing for me about him is that he's a top player. With Lallana. Scored a beautiful goal in that match, as we refer to at Arsenal, he scored against Leicester, and also got the winner for Sam Allardyce. Here is Milner, forward again down the flanks. The flank was up. Good for Liverpool. It's amazing what difference one goal can make to a baptism in a new job. 95th minute. And Xhanaba, Milner, squeezed it home. The big Sam rain started with a win. Just got to be careful with the ball. And there's the goal. And the goal. And the goal. And the goal. Just going back to Davy Luiz, John Terry's shot, we know those two can't play together, it's been proven before. I don't think this pair, Kale and Luiz, were particularly good last time, so they're going to have to improve, and Conte's got his work cut out in terms of moulding them into pairs. Manuel Rada, sending a jolt of electricity through Matip. Interesting comparison between the goalkeepers, of course they are numbers 1 and 2 for their country, Belgium. And now the understudy, it's an international level, Thibaut Courtois. Talking of Belgium, here's Eden Hazard. That's for the Quetta. Overhead by Matip. Too much of Chelsea. And attacking brainers yet. Davy Luiz, always thinking offensively. Chelsea's build-up will be a little slower than Liverpool's, as they suit them, controlling the game, switching from side to side. They scored the winner, incidentally, when their sides met in a pre-season match in Pasadena in the USA in July. Finished 1-0. Chelsea finished without Cesc Fabregas, who's eventually got sent off. Here's Willian. Teased in towards Diego Costa. Might have another bite at it here. Good cross from Oscar Leclerc. Hazard. Has started the campaign well and revitalised. He finished last season well, but of course most of the particular season was underachievement, not just for the player, but for the club. The best defensive title you will ever see. Here's Lovren. Just trying to guide it down for Coutinho. Might come off. Henderson. Nicely by Klein. Mane. Coutinho. Liverpool giving a chance to express themselves again by the poor clearance. Rash. Milner. Went up late. Chelsea fans in that part of the ground thinking that Marvin Atkinson's assistant would have ruled it out. Eventually was given to Liverpool. And a bit of a free kick. Rash again. Going nowhere. In the corner. Milner not happy. Ivanovic seemingly just tripping him and going away from him. Not sure what he's doing. A couple of really iffy moments from an experienced defender. Lacking composure. For such an experienced player. Maybe that captain's armband weighing a bit heavily on him. Still not got back into his position to defend. He's lost focus. Wandering back in now. To pick up Lovren. For these ones, as a defensive team, you mark it like a corner even though it's a free kick. He's trying to stay with Sturridge. Towards Milner. Free kick has given Chelsea's way. No doubt the Manchester derby was given an extra dimension by the high profile nature of the two managers last Saturday. We've got the same here this evening. Very passionate, restless men in their respective dugouts. That's it coming forward. Rio Ferdinand-like. Klein. Mann. Pointing up for a first time cross. It was anticipated and covered well by Asperger. David Luiz prepared to make an extra touch, give a little sway of the hips. A little bit risky by Chelsea, whether the managers encouraged him to do this. But Manchester Van Rijkaard, Cahill, David Luiz will be very much on that particular page. If it comes off, it's cool composed defending. If it doesn't, it's a disaster. A team that would want you to pass along the back of Liverpool, particularly at the edge of your own box. Cahill and Luiz have to be careful. Matip. Alana. A little bit wayward. And Delicato on the subject of playing the ball a bit casually at the back. Lucas in the back row there now because perhaps of that mistake, which I'm sure most of you saw Costa, Liverpool, the only goal they conceded for the champions last Saturday. Here's Lallana. Pointing the ball here tonight. And these early exchanges. Mane, trying to slide it through for Klein. Chelsea restricted at the moment to try to play on the break here at the bridge. When they get back all behind the ball, Chelsea. Just trying to push them up the pitch. They do look solid, difficult to break down. Liverpool have won four of their last eight here. Chelsea, it's a five, strung across the pitch. Oscar just breaking out now. Getting back in. It's a tight four-and-five-one. For Chelsea. Matip. I think it has to be to stop Coutinho and Lallana in the spaces they're in now. Picking up the ball and able to turn. Klein. Crosses the corner, outcrasps Delicato. One of Liverpool's Londoners, Nathaniel Klein, starting the course at Crystal Palace. A weekend off to visit the family after this one. Depends on the results, I guess. That's that black eye that Lovren got. In the training ground with Kevin Stewart. Won't stop him throwing his head at this if he gets the right kind of delivery from Jordan Henderson. Back by Lallana. Coutinho's taken a painful one, and then Henderson not threatening the goal with the follow-up. I think he'll be happy. It's been 10-15 minutes, the team have settled down. There's only problems at the other end of the pitch, either. What has been odd about the tenure of Jürgen Klopp with away Premier League games is maybe the game hasn't been quite so dramatic. They have been poor at Burnley this season. They lost at Newcastle, Watford and others last season. They were favourites to win, particularly with the kind of show they were putting on at the likes of Manchester City. And of course here at Chelsea. I'm not sure Pep Guardiola would have approved of that kind of footwork from a goalkeeper. I don't think Jürgen Klopp was impressed either. David Luiz. David Luiz. A threatening ball to find Hazard over the head of Klein, but the flag was up. Klein leaned to Warwick. It really is out of character, Gareth, for these two clubs not to be involved in Europe. They wouldn't dare to play on this particular evening. It's to our benefit. And they can. When you think about the Premier League over the last few seasons, a lot has been out of character for it. And of course, really up the ante in terms of Chelsea expectations when they took over in 2003. It's a rare blip in the qualification stakes. They've held them off both the Champions League and the Europa League trophies in the last five years. Liverpool, of course, five times as they're proud to say European Cup-stroke Champions League winners. Europa League finalists only in May. Matic. On from Lovren. And Haldon might collect this. Liverpool trying to set the agenda here. There they are, and Chelsea seem happy at the moment. Just to sit back five, ten yards outside the edge of the box, the back four. Certainly a rash first 15 minutes. Hendrik is simply going to talk to the stand-in skipper tonight. He needs to settle down. Get a good tackling, get a good passing. He's timing things. Giving away free kicks in dangerous areas as well. Variation on the theme from Liverpool. They've got plenty in the middle. And around the back, Dejan Lovren. Not picked up at all, it still needed some finishing, but he finished it splendidly. And Liverpool faster out of the blocks here at the bridge. And they lead Chelsea with a goal in the 17th minute from Dejan Lovren. They've been the better team in this first 15 minutes. It's a short one, a sleeping Chelsea. The ball goes back and they push up the Chelsea defence. But Lovren just pulls out at the back post. It's terrible from Chelsea, they're all over the place on that free kick. They really are, put under pressure from Ivanovic, giving it away. He sees it from a long way away, Lovren, but still makes it look a lot easier. The fact that he hits it into the ground, fills Courtois and gives his team a deserved lead. The player with the black eye has put one in the eye for Chelsea. It's his first Premier League goal for Liverpool. Here's Matic, and it is a consequence of the way Chelsea have started the game. Poor marking on the ball when it came in, but the giving away of the free kick was cheap as chips. This is very unlike a team that have taken ten points from their first four games. The organisation on the free kick is terrible from Chelsea on the way out as the ball goes back. The three or four Liverpool players at the back post. And I say, the initial free kick... ...is poor from Ivanovic. Coutinho, Liverpool on the move again. Not a good value for the league. Mane, keep the pressure on here. Hasard, and to start from deep... ...that's Pelecreta. A good challenge for Matic. Here's Ivanovic. They never looked like a 0-0 when Kepa's and I did it. Chelsea have got to improve to stop being 0-0 at the end of their night. And there you go. The important ones in the top left of your screen, but that tells a story in the bottom right. Liverpool by far the better team in this opening 20 minutes. I don't know whether it's a tactic from Chelsea or they've just been driven back. They've certainly retreated in the game. Going into shape and not really trying to get out towards them. The love of the goalscorer, we see it here again at the back post. They're all at sea in the middle, that's not a set-up. You see they come out. Arricale, and it's a goal. You see they come out. Arricale is pushing out at the end, but Lovren just pulls out to the back post. He's never offside, no-one anywhere near him. It's a really good delivery from Coutinho. And the finish, fantastic from the centre-back. Mane. And Uglis, caught to a knock on the nose. Goal kept by Mane. Uglis recovers. Chelsea find the pass through Matic. No contact. Manevic charging forward outside. Roll-in, it goes the other way. Coutinho's in, far side. Sturridge didn't have eyes in the back of his head. Watches are to the left for Mane. To Sturridge again. Too sharp, too quick at the moment, too bright in the movement, the passing. Liverpool. David Luiz. Shaken up by that bang in the face. Chelsea, the static, Manevic stood still, Kante, they're really not mobile. You look at them, they're not getting out towards the ball with any great speed. Just happen to sit back there in the shape. Look at those Chelsea blue shirts. That's what Martin Atkinson has stopped proceedings for. This is how it happened. He's headed the back of Mane's head. Not a very pleasant return to Chelsea's colours so far for David Luiz. You're looking at them, they're in the shape, but there's no real pressing movements from it, not making it difficult for Liverpool, they're almost static. He's moving a lot more than his players at the moment. All he has been saying is, we must feel the danger, we must never relax. There's been danger all over the place that they haven't felt so far. Look at them, they're just jogging Oscar. Kante, Matic, not really getting up to the ball, happy just to let Liverpool have it. They're at home in front of 40,000 fans, Friday night, they have to go for it. You can't just jog out to people. Sprinting back home is David Luiz. They're not getting close enough. He's so angry with this, Kante, the manager, certainly not how he normally likes to play. And Elder. Matip, he's very comfortable on the ball. It might be played through here. Mane waiting in the middle, and others... ...going to make their way forward for the corner. They're like mannequins, Chelsea, just getting played around. It's so simple, they're not doing anything particularly special, some of their intricacy has been fantastic to watch in the games we've seen, but they're not really having to play like that to get through Chelsea at the moment. They've won at Arsenal, they've drawn at Tottenham, and now leading at Chelsea in the formative weeks of this new season. In a period like this in the game, go and kill it, go and get the second. Good presence of mind by Willian, he knew he had a bit of room. Kante. He's off with a poor throw. And Chelsea, caught flat-footed again. Step over some Sturridge! Could have gone in off anyone. Shooting Daniel Sturridge, but again, the switch off. Huge space. No organisation at all. Mane just stands in the middle, stops. And Aldon can't just get there. That was a shot from Daniel Sturridge. He is a cameraman's delight, or Daniel's, I suppose, as well, but I'm referring to Jurgen Klopp. Four years with Chelsea. Chelsea. Struggling for game time, some of the issues with Chelsea that have resurfaced at Liverpool, but when he's good, he's extremely effective, technically splendid. Chelsea have got four in the middle if they can get in across here. There's an overload at the back post, he didn't put it in. And that comes in towards Matic, who's never scored for Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. David Luiz has. Not for a while. Liverpool, the runners, not quite the right ball to suit them. It was by an Aldon that was closest to. That was Lallana. Henderson. Good work, strong work by Diego Costa. Out by Matic, who played it to him in the first place, on to Hazard from Matic. Scooped up by Mignolet, better from Chelsea as if finally they're stirring themselves. They have to wake up. Here's Wijnaldum at face. Clever pass from the outside, but didn't quite get the elevation. Out to Sturridge. Hazard. Aspely Cueta. The risk for Chelsea is the turnovers. Liverpool so quick to spring on to them, but the middle ball really hasn't been quite right in the last few minutes for Liverpool. Aspely Cueta. Chelsea fans a little more interested in this last couple of minutes. Obviously there is the dominance of the away team. Oskar. Willian. Diego Costa. Ivanovic. Get this cross in. Coutinho, thought he was away, Ivanovic retrieved it well on the stretch. Now Oskar. Kante. Decision-making from Kante. This team have just had two or three good minutes, keeping the ball in them pools last third. Giving it them back there really. Getting them off the hook. Mignolet taking his time, certainly not rushing. At the present, these clubs of course in the Premier League years. The tightness of the rivalry reflected 19 wins in the league for Chelsea, 18 for Liverpool. And the 24 previous seasons under this structure of football in England. Clyde. Pushing Hazard. Oskar. Especially the players. To ask for the credit. He couldn't deal with it from the Brazilian. It's to get to the point where you might just have to try and play a little bit more direct up to Diego Costa, Chelsea. And see whether that works for ten minutes. At the moment, I find it very difficult to get in the game playing through Liverpool. Lovren's header. Kante. One good attack they had is when they did get it into Diego Costa. Hazard. Always offers them hope. Matic. Oskar. Matic again, there's been a threat awaiting on the left. Willian on the right. Can it get to him? Coutinho. Stopped by Mignolet-Kante. And here's Willian. Deflected into the side netting. Martin Atkinson waiting for the word from the assistant on the far side. We have got height advantage. Manavic, Costa, Matic, Kane, Luiz. And it's a very good game. It's a very good game. It's a very good game. It's a very good game. It's a very good game. Matic, Kane, Luiz. More bunching together. It's into that mix. Luiz knocks it across. Mignolet struggling to get there against the man, Matic. Although the flag has gone up. That means the Chelsea midfield player... Just left in there. Matic. They won a couple of headers. The first one and the second one just offside. Matic. It would have been interesting had Mane been able to control that. It was a real test for him. They've stopped Mane and Starridge at the moment, Liverpool. Starridge has got to keep an eye on Espada. Cueta pushing on. Trying to do. Cahill. Well, it's been a rather hapless first half an hour for Chelsea here. Below the standards that he has been setting in his short time in the job. And he expects game in, game out. Lovren. Charged by Oscar. Dante got in quickly as he tends to do. Liverpool finding themselves with a bit more work to do in midfield and even deeper than that. Stronger in the back. A bit of a game-on-game. A bit of a game-on-game. Liverpool finding themselves with a bit more work to do in midfield and even deeper than that. Here's Diego Costa. They're getting better, Chelsea, there's no doubt, these last five minutes. They could hardly have got worse. That's for Luqueta. Plenty of time for redressing the balance. Klein has come a little bit late. Trying to get there. Hazard beat him too. Similar crash to the right back of Chelsea. Going away from goal, not going anywhere, and Hazard, Klein, didn't need to go to ground. Could it have the same consequences? It would certainly put pressure on if the delivery is right, and it usually is. A little bit of joy caused a little bit of danger at that last set-piece in the corner. This time it's a wide-free kick. There's a real urge for teams to push out now, but the gaps they leave behind them sometimes look so inviting for players to put the ball in there. Mignolet, as he has to, is very close to his goal, in case it goes directly towards it. It's offside, so you could say the tactic worked. He just stayed in there, David Luiz, and didn't come out and go back in. Henderson. Last time that Chelsea beat Liverpool here they did concede an early goal to Martin Skrtel. Conte. Down the outside of Milner. Matic. Still very subdued at Stamford Bridge. That's for the creta. To Villeneuve and Coutinho. A nice get between Willian and Ivanovic. They can't get Kosta in the game at all, and I always think Kosta's involved in the game. You see him there, he brings a lot to Chelsea. Sometimes he's... ...very close to the edge. He's got a lot of time to play. He's got a lot of time to play. Very close to the edge. I think it lifts everybody in his team. David Luiz. Playing Wijnaldum onside. He hasn't had that many touches at all, he was so frustrated. His involvement in this first 35 minutes, or lack of involvement, should I say. He hasn't even been able to get himself ahead of steam up. No. In terms of his temper as well, he seems to thrive on getting pumped up. I can't even think of him going up for an aerial challenge or hunting a ball down or anything. It's a decent try, it's more than that for Jordan Henderson. It's a sumptuous goal. And Liverpool lead Chelsea by two goals to nil. Even the giant Courtois could get nowhere near it. It's a wonderful moment for Jordan Henderson and for Liverpool. Clears from Gary Kane, isn't good enough. It's one touch and it's absolutely brilliant. I'm critical of goalkeepers getting beat from that range, but he sets it out so high above the bar, into the top corner, it's absolutely magnificent. Nothing Courtois can do, and Liverpool... What a night so far for them. Helpless. Jürgen Klopp celebrates tap-ins like this, but... That goal was worthy of the fist pump. He'll be concerned at the moment because his team, as we look at the replays, have given away a free kick out on the far side. And you are, as they always say, the old football cliche, the most vulnerable when you've just scored, as Liverpool have. It's an important ten minutes in the game now. Taken by Willian. As are picking up the pieces. And winning a corner. Biggest test so far for him. His team haven't played, they've been outplayed. You can pick holes, I'm sure, over and over again in the first goal. But the second goal, let's have to say, it was wonderful. The only criticism you could have would be Gary Cale's clearance. Not clearing the defensive midfield player of Liverpool, but it's a wonderful goal. And an own goal of Adam Milner. He's saying he's being nudged. They need... They need a bit of a break. They need to find the spark somehow. They need to deliver it. It's in the first month. Willian twice. Back in by Hazard. Stabbing Luiz. He's run away for another Chelsea corner. Most sustained spell of pressure coming almost directly from the restart. They realise they've gone two down Chelsea. Roll up your sleeves time for the Blues. We'll see him again, those five Chelsea targets bunching together around the penalty spot. I don't fancy having a run-in on that Liverpool defence. Kevin Ori's in front of that line. Jordan Henderson exacting a bit of revenge, he's lost 7-2 with Sunderland, 5-0 with Sunderland against Chelsea. Earlier in his career. That's the only criticism from a Chelsea point of view. The finish. Absolutely brilliant. It's the height. It's the height that does Courtois. It's never in his eye-line, it's always above him, he's reaching, he can never get there. Liverpool bench. Static. Theatric. 3-1, remember they won here last season. In October, shortly after the opening clock of the ride. They actually went a goal down earlier in that game. Ramirez. Chelsea. Chelsea. Chelsea. Chelsea. Chelsea. Chelsea. One shot on target, and it's probably a performance that will make one think about making a change at half-time. Not enough happening at all. Back by Coutinho, a little untidily, but not in the direction of a red shirt, which belonged to Nathaniel Clyne. 5 minutes or so left in the first half, and you do feel that Chelsea are going to reactivate it. A goal before half-time, the non-playing captain leader legend. He may have a similar mind. Strangely enough, coming 2-0 down takes some of the pressure off you, you've now got to go for it. It's nose, cat and mouse stuff now. Absolutely. If he can get the goal back it would make a huge difference before half-time. If he weren't to, then you can see changes being made. Ivanovic. Dogged work from Milner. Away from Lovren. A little bit of hesitation there by Wijnaldum, there hasn't been much of that from Liverpool. Maspela-Cueta. They've got more mobile players than Chelsea. Henderson in the way. It's a goal Steven Gerrard would have been proud of. He's taking on a lot of the responsibility of the departed captain. Henderson again. Mane. Henderson. Malang. Infield is Clyde, taking it on the burst and taking Chelsea on. Just losing his balance rather than being knocked to the floor. Williams has done well. Gets it back again from Oscar, and goes on for Chelsea. Diego Costa, that's hard coming in from the opposite flank. Great turn of pace by Costa to get to the byline, but he took just a fraction of a second too long. And it's just a matter of time before the game is over. It's a bit of a bit of a mess. It's a bit of a mess. It's a bit of a mess. It's a bit of a mess. He took just a fraction of a second too long, and it's just another Chelsea corner. This is where the can be most dangerous. Needed delivery from Willian, disappointing in the last two or three. A goal for Chelsea now could really change the half-time team talks. Both dressing rooms, but... Dvanić's flick-on was never threatening to Minola's goal. Minola's goal. Minola wanted to throw it out quickly, Daniel Sturridge stopped him and said, ''Calm down, there's a minute to go, it's a half-time.'' Coutinho. Coutinho. Maybe a bit untidy. Definitely fouled. I think he had to foul him because Coutinho had a little pass through, I think it was Mane making the run. We saw a good 40 minutes from City in the derby last weekend, I don't think this has been as good as it was exceptional from City in that period. It would be better if they don't concede, of course, because Manchester City did in the last couple of minutes of the first half, which changed the complexion of that game. It didn't cost them the win. He's got it out. Just to remind you, Chelsea play Leicester in the EFL Cup, third round Tuesday 7.30, Manchester United, Sky Sports 1, and the next night is Northampton against Manchester United, same competition. A bit of protest from William. Manchester's got him into trouble. As it stands, with a two-goal margin, Liverpool will go above Chelsea. It's not the end of the story, Antonio Conte will get in and get at them. He has to do something, he has to disrupt them, disturb them. Because they're nowhere near this first half, Chelsea. They've hardly disturbed Liverpool. It's Sillence for his half-time team talk. Friday night's been a fright night so far for Chelsea, but not for Liverpool, who've looked excellent. They're in love right now.