And away we go. It's a starry, starry night here at Stamford Bridge, so many individual talents and two clubs that have produced some wonderful encounters. Particularly in the last decade or so, all sorts of competitions. Out by. Ngolo Kante Quite get there a second time. Daniel Sturridge knows all about this place. Slightly confusing, his team mate to Sadio Mane or maybe it was the other way around. And as expected, Liverpool straight out of the blocks. Clyne. Lallana. Only half cleared by Oscar. And it's Clyne again. Trying to. Get across there was Wijnaldum Put into a good position, Gary Cahill, to be fair to him, really well. Has been quite a wet 24 hours in the London area, heavy storms. Pitch is still good. Good night for football and a great setting for real. The theatre of the Premier League here. Diego Costa nearly put through there was a space and William who played the pass goes again. Coutinho Lallana. Sturridge is waiting on the right, Mane feeding him. Get it on his left foot and do that sort of thing. Thibaut Courtois. Let it slip, but it stuck on the ground rather than the goalkeeper's grasp. His heart in is mouth. Azpilicueta I think knew Daniel Sturridge would cut back on his left foot. Didn't really do enough about it. I think he had to get closer to him knowing he was going to do this. Courtois lucky man. Here's Henderson. It's such a quick start to the game. Already seeing the Nathaniel Clyne well forward. The way Liverpool like to play, with both fullbacks advancing. You know, James Milner will probably still think of himself as a bit of a stopgap but. Realistically, for Jurgen Klopp he is the number one choice. Here's Clyne on the opposite flank. The last away Liverpool game, it was at Arsenal. First game of the season, they started the first half poorly but they were brilliant in the second half, passing it quickly with real intent and they started off here two minutes in but they look confident. When they are good away from home, they're brilliant. Yeah. Fantastic results, including the one here last season. Jurgen Klopp's first Premier League win. Daniel Sturridge, playing a senior game at Chelsea against Chelsea for the first time although he probably scored here for Manchester City's youth team in the Youth Cup final before he moved to Chelsea. Here's David Luiz the second time his starts his Chelsea career with a debut at home to Liverpool. From his point of view it would be better than the first one. They lost that. He's definitely added. Pace since this Chelsea team, Conte decided to play far higher. That's John Terry. Mentioning about Luiz, I think the strange thing for me was just let this attack play out. With Lallana. Scored a beautiful goal in that match referred to at Arsenal. He scored against Leicester, also got the winner for Sam Allardyce. Here is Milner, forward again down the flanks. The flag. was up. It was good from Liverpool. It's amazing what difference one goal can make to a baptism in a new job 95th minute. Adam Lallana Squeezed it home. The Big Sam's reign started with a win. Just going back to David Luiz, John Terry's shot, we know those two can't play together. It's been proven before. I don't think this pair, Cahill was particularly good last time. So you have to improve and Conte's got his work cut out in terms of molding them into pairs. Anyway, rather. Jolt of electricity through Matip. Interesting comparison between the goalkeepers, of course. They are numbers one and two for their country, Belgium. Mignolet an understudy at International n level to Thibaut Courtois. Talking of Belgium, here is Eden Hazard. Lifted up by Azpilicueta Headed away by Matip Haven't seen too much of Chelsea? And an attacking brain as yet. David Luiz always thinking offensively. Chelsea's build up will be a little slower than their Liverpools and some suit them, controlling the game, switching from side to side. Cahill scored the winner incidentally when their sides met in a preseason match in Pasadena in the USA in July. Just one nil. Chelsea finished without, Cesc Fabregas, who got sent off in that Game. Here's Willian. Sent it towards Diego Costa might have another bite at it here. It was a good cross from Azpilicueta Hazard. He has started the campaign well and revitalized. He finished last season well, but of course most of the. Particular season was Underachievement. Not just for the player but for the club. The worst defense to a title you will ever see. Here's Lovren Just trying to guide it down for Coutinho might come off. Henderson. Nicely by Clyne, Mane Coutinho. Liverpool given the chance to express themselves again by the poor clearance. It was rush from Ivanovic Milner. Flag went up late. Chelsea fans in that part of their ground thinking that Martin Atkinson's assistant would have. Ruled it out. for throw in which eventually was given to Liverpool. Now they get a Free kick. Once again going nowhere. The cornerone. Lallana's not happy. Ivanovic just seemed to be just tripping him and he's going away from him. I am not sure what he's doing, Ivanovich. Maybe that's really iffy moments from that experience defender. Lacking composure. for such an experienced player. Maybe that captains armband weighing a bit heavily on him and still not got back into his position to defend. He's lost focus. Wandering back in now. To mark Lovren These ones, the defensive team, you mark it like a corner, even though it's a free kick. He's trying to stay with Sturridge. It was Lallana Freekick is given Chelsea's way. Let's find out. The Manchester Derby was given an extra diemension by the high profile nature of the two managers last Saturday. We've got the same here this evening. Very passionate, restless men in their respective dugouts Conte and Klopp Coutinho Matip coming forward Rio Ferdinand-like. Clyne. Mane Lining up for the first time cross. Anticipated and covered well by Azpilicueta. David Luiz prepared to make an extra touch give a little square the hips. Little bit risky by Chelsea, whether the manager's encouraged him to do this, but just about Cahill, David Luiz will be very much on that particular page. It comes off, it's cool, composed defending. If it doesn't, it's a disaster. Another team that would want you to pass along the back, Liverpool, particularly at the edge of your own box. Cahill and Luiz will have to be careful. Matip. Lallana. A bit wayward from Ngolo Kante on the subject of putting the ball a bit casually at the back, Lucas in the back row there now because perhaps of that mistake, which I'm sure most of you saw Costa. Livepool the only goal they conceded for the Champions, last Saturday. Here's Lallana. He has seen plenty of the the ball here tonight. In these early exchanges. Mane trying to slide it through for Clyne. Chelsea restricted at the moment to try to play on the break here at the bridge. When they get back all behind the ball. Chelsea just trying to push them up the pitch. They do look solid and difficult to break down. Liverpool have won four of their last eight here. Chelsea has a 5 string across the pitch Oscar just breaking out now. And getting back in. It's a tight four and five one. For Chelsea. Matip I think it has to be to stop Coutinho and Lallana in the spaces they're in now, picking up the ball and able to turn. Clyne Forces the corner out of Azpilicueta. One of Liverpool's Londoners Nathaniel Clyne started of course at Crystal Palace. On the weekend off to visit the family after this one. Depends on the results, I guess. That's that black eye that Lovren got. in the collision in the training ground with Kevin Stewart and it wouldn't stop him throwing his head at this if it's the right kind of delivery from Jordan Henderson. Brought back by Lallana. This is a painful one. Henderson not threatening the goal with the follow up. Klopp will be happy with the 10- 15 minutes.His team have settled down. Hasn't had any problems at the other end of the pitch either. It all has been odd the tenure of Jurgen Klopp with away games and maybe for the game hasn't been quite so dramatic. They have been poor at Burnley this season. They lost at Newcastle, Watford and others last season and they were favourites to win, particularly with the kind of show that they were putting on the likes of Manchester City. And of course, here at Chelsea. I'm not sure Pep Guardiola would have approved that kind of footwork from a goalkeeper and I don't think Jurgen Klopp was impressed either. David Luiz. Cracking ball to find hazard over the head of Clyne, but the flag was up. Clyne no need to worry. Really it'ss out of character, Darren for these two clubs not to be involved in Europe. They weren't there to play on this particular evening. It's to our benefit if they can. You think about the Premier League over the last few seasons, a lot's been out of character for it. He really up the antique in terms of Chelsea expectations when he took over in 2003. It's a rare blip in the qualification stakes. The have held both the Champions League and the Europa League trophies in the last five years. Liverpool, of course five times as they're proud to say European Cup/Champions League winners. Europa League finalists only in May. Matip On from Lovren You know, they might collect this. For Liverpool, trying to set the agenda here. They are and Chelsea seemed happy at the moment, just to sit back 5-10 yards outside the edge of the box. The back four and. He's having that. Certainly a rush first 15 minutes. Martin Atkinson going to talk to the stand in Skipper tonight. He has to settle down. Get a good tackling. Get a good pass in. He's mistiming things. Giving away free kicks in dangerous areas as well. Variation on the theme from Liverpool. They've Got plenty in the middle and round the back. Dejan Lovren not picked up at all. It's still needed some finishing. But he finished it splendidly and Liverpool faster out of the blocks here at the bridge and they leave Chelsea with a goal in the 17th minute from Dejan Lovern. They have been th better team, Liverpool, this first 15 minutes. Just short one. They are sleeping, Chelsea, the ball goes back and they push up the Chelsea defence but Lovren just pulls out at the back post. And it's terrible from Chelsea, they're all over the place on that free kick. They really are putting the pressure distance from Ivanovic giving it away. He sees it from a long way away, Lovren but still makes it look a lot easier. The fact that it hits into the ground fools Courtois and gives his team a deserved lead. Now the player with the black eye has put one in the eye for Chelsea. It's his first Premier League goal for Liverpool. Matic and it is a consequence of the way Chelsea have started the game. Poor marking on the ball when it came in, but the giving away of the free kick was cheap as chips. This is very unlike a team that have taken 10 points from their first four games. The organization of the Free kick's terrible from Chelsea on the way out as the ball goes back with three or four Liverpool players at the back post. Let's say the usual free kick. Poor from Ivanovic Coutinho, Liverpool on the move again. It's a good value for the league. Mane. Keeping the pressure on here. Ball to Hazard to start from deep. .Azpilicueta Good challenge from the Matip Here's Ivanovic It's never looked like a nil nil. Chelsea have got to improve to stop being nil at the end of their night. Here we go. The important ones in the top left of the screen, but that tells a story in the bottom right. Liverpool by far the better team in this opening 20 minutes. Don't know if it was a tactic from Chelsea or they've just been driven back. But certainly. Retreated in the game. Going into the shape and not really trying to get out towards Liverpool Offside byDiego Costa. Lovren the goal scorer and you see it here again at the back post. I mean they're all at sea in the middle. That's not a set up. You see they come out. Gary Cahill is pushing out there, but Lovren just pulls out to the back post. He's never offside. No one anywhere near him. It's a really good delivery from Coutinho and the finish. Fantastic from a centre back. Mane David Luiz got a knock on the nose. Well kept by Mane Luiz recovers. And Chelsea find a pass through Matic. Kante Ivanovic. Charging forward outside. Willain. It goes the other way. Coutinho's in far side Sturridge didn't have the eyes in the back of his head. Options are to the left for Mane. Sturridge again. Henderson Too sharp, too quick at the moment, too bright in the movement, the passing, Liverpool. Cleared by David Luiz He was shaken up by that bang in the face. Chelsea are static. Ivanovic stood still. Kante, they're really not mobile. Look at them not getting out towards the ball with any great speed, just happy to sit back there in the shade. Look at those Chelsea blue shirts. And. That's what Martin Atkinson has. Stopped proceedings for. This is how it happened. His head in the back of my head. Not a very pleasant return to Chelsea's colours so far for David Luiz. Looking at them, they are in their shape, but then there's no real. Suppressing movements. They are not not making it difficult for Liverpool. They're almost static. He's moving a lot more than his players at the moment. Maybe what he has been saying is we must feel the danger. We must never relax. Snipping danger all over the place, that they haven't felt so far. I think they're just jogging Oscar and say, Matic is really getting up to the ball. Happy just to let them cool out there at home for the 40,000 fans Friday night, you have to go for it. You can't just jog out to people. Sprinting back on this David Luiz. You're not getting close enough. He would be so angry with this Conte, the manager, certainly not how he normally likes to play. Wijnaldum, Now with Matip. He's very comfortable on the ball. and might be played through here.Mane Waiting in the middle and others. To make their way forward for the corner. They are like mannequins, Chelsea just getting played around. It's so simple not doing anything particularly special. Liverpool. Some of their intricacy has been fantastic to watch in the games we've seen, but they're not really having to play like that to get through. Chelsea at the moment. And they won at Arsenal, have drawn at Tottenham. Here they are leading at Chelsea's formative weeks of this new season. In a perioslLike this in the game, go and kill it, go and get the 2nd. Picked up by Willian and he had a bit of room. Conte. It's Liverpool's and Chelsea caught flat footed again. Step overs from Sturridge. Could have gone in off anyone. He's shooting Daniel Sturridge, but again they switch off. Huge space. No organisation at all. Mane just stands in the middle, stops. Wijnaldum can't just get there. It's a shot from Daniel Sturridge. He is a cameraman's delight, Daniel, I suppose as well, but I'm referring to Jurgen Klopp. It's four years with Chelsea. Struggling for game time, some of the issues with Chelsea that have resurfaced at Liverpool, but when he's good, he's extremely effective, technically splendid. Chelsea have got four in the middle. If they can get in across here. It was an overloaded at the back post, didn't put it in. It comes in towards Matic who has never scored for Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. David Luiz has, not for a while. Liverpool have the runners, not quite the right ball to suit them. It's Wijnaldum it's closest to. Lallana, Henderson. Good work, strong work by Diego Costa. Out by Matic who played it in the 1st place on to Hazard from Matic. Sweept up by Mignolet. It's better from Chelsea as finally they're stirring themselves. They have to wake up. Here's Wijnaldum at pace. Clever pass with the outside of the foot. Couldn’t quite get the elevation right out to Sturridge. Hazard The risk for Chelsea is the turnovers. Liverpool are so quick to spring on to them, but the middle ball really hasn't been quite right for the last few minutes for Liverpool. Azpilicueta Chelsea a little more interested in this in the last couple of minutes. See there is the dominance of the away team. Oscar. Willian Diego Costa Ivanovic couldn't get this cross in. Coutinho thought he was on his way, Ivanovic retrieved it well on the stretch. Now Oscar, Kante. Decision making from Kante. The team's had two or three good minutes keeping the ball in the Liverpool's last third. Giving it back there, really. Letting off the hook. Mignolet taking his time, certainly not rushing. Ever present not of course, in the Premier League years. The tightness of the rivalry reflected 19 wins in the league for Chelsea, 18 for Liverpool. In the previous seasons under this structure of football in England. Clyne Pushing Hazard. Oscar. Stamford Bridge packed tonight. Lot of talk about what they're going to do with it, Chelsea, in terms of developing the site. They got planning permission, have they not seemed to have been put on hold. And while Liverpool of course, have been doing their own building, played their first game at Anfield last weekend in front of the new main stand, everybody seemed to find it inspiring from the Liverpool point of view, especially the players. Out to Azpilicueta and the Spaniard couldn't deal with it from the Brazilian. Gets to the point where we might just have to try and play a little bit more direct up to Diego Costa Chelsea and see whether that works for 10 minutes. For the moment, it's very difficult to get in the game playing through Liverpool. Lovren header Kante They are not going attack the others when they do get it into Diego Costa. Hazard, always offers them hope. Matic. Oscar. Matic again. Azpilicueta waiting on the left, Willian on the right can't get to him. Coutinho stopped by Ngolo Kante and here's William. Deflected into the side netting, Martin Atkinson waiting for the word from the. Assistant on the far side. They've got a height advantage, Ivanovic, Cotsa, Matic, Cahill, Luiz All bunching together. Sent to that mix Luiz knocks it across. Mignolet struggling to get there against Nemanja Matic. Although the flag had gone up and there's the Chelsea midfield player. Just left in that, Matic, but they won a couple of headers. Chelsea, that first one and the second one just offside. Matip. Would have been. Interesting had Mane been able to control that. It was a real test for him. They've got Mane and Sturridge at the moment. Liverpool. Daniel Sturridge's got to keep an eye on Azpilicueta pushing on trying to do Cahill, but well, it's been a rather hapless first half an hour for Chelsea here. Below the standards that he has been setting in his short time in the job, and he expects game in game out. Lovren challenged by Oscar. Kante in quickly as he. Tends to do. Liverpool finding themselves with a bit more work to do in midfield and even deeper than that. Here's Diego Costa. They are getting better, Chelsea.There is no doubt in theses last five minutes and could hardly got worse. Azpilicueta. Negative time for redressing the balance. Clyne just a little bit late to get there. All that, Hazard beat him too. Similar rash to the right back of Chelsea's going away from goal, not going anywhere, Eden hazard. Clyne didn't need to go to ground. Could it have the same consequences and certainly put pressure on if the delivery is right and Willian's usually is. A little bit of joy caused a little bit of danger at that last set piece from the corner this time as a wide free kick. There's a real urge for teams to push out now, but the gaps they leave behind them sometimes look so inviting for the players to put the ball in there. Mignolet as he has to be close to his goal in case it goes directly towards it. It's offside so you could say the tactic worked. Just stayed in there, David Luiz and didn't come out and go back in. Henderson The last time that Chelsea beat Liverpool here. They did concede an early goal to Martin Skrtel. Kante Down the outside of Milner. Matic. Still very subdued at Stamford Bridge. Azpilicueta It's over Coutinho A step between Willian And Ivanovic, They can't get Costa in the game at all, and I'm always thinking Costa is involved in the game. We'll see him there. He brings a lot to Chelsea and sometimes he's. Very close to the edge. I think he lifts everybody in his team. David Luiz. Playing Wijnaldum on side. He hasn't got that many touches at all. He will be so frustrated at his involvement in this first 35 minutes or lack of involvement I should say. They've been able to sort of get himself a head of steam up now in terms of his temper as well. He seems to thrive on getting pumped up and. I didn't think he'd been going for the arial challenge or hunting the ball down or anything. It's a piece of try. It's more than that for Jordan Henderson? It's a sumptuous goal. And Liverpool lead Chelsea by two goals to nil and even the giant Courtois could get nowhere near it. It was a wonderful moment from John Henderson and for Liverpool. Clearance from Gary Cahill isn't good enough. It's one touch and it's absolutely brilliant. I'm critical of goalkeepers getting beaten from that range but he sets it out so high above the bar into the top corner, it's absolutely magnificent. Nothing Courtois could do and Liverpool. What a night so far for them. Helpless. Well, Jurgen Klopp celebrates tap ins like this but. The goal was worthy of the fist pump. He'd be concerned at the moment because his team, as we look at the replays, have given away a free kick and from the far side. And you are, as they always say, the old football cliche, the most vulnerable when you have just scored as Liverpool have. It's an important 10 minutes of the game now. Sent in by Willian. Hazard picking up the pieces. And winning a corner. Biggest test so far for him And his team haven't played. They've been outplayed. You can pick holes. I'm sure, Gary, over and over again in the first goal, but the second goal we just have to say, it was wonderful. Well, the only criticism you could have would be Gary Cahill's clearance not clearing the defensive midfield player in Liverpool, but it's a wonderful goal. And. Willian and gone off Adam Lallan. He's saying he's being nudged. They've got the high Chelsea. They need. to find the spark somehow. They need to deliver it. Into the first man. Willian twice. Back in by Hazard towards David Luiz. And away for another Chelsea corner. The most sustained spell of pressure coming almost directly from the restart. Once they realised they've gone two down, Chelsea, it's roll up your sleeves time for the Blues. Same again, those five Chelsea targets bunching together around the penalty spot. All fancy up running on that Liverpool defence. David Luiz in front of that line. Well, Jordan Henderson exacting a bit of revenge. He's lost 7-2 with Sunderland 5-0 with Sunderland against Chelsea. Early on in his career. That's the only criticism from a Chelsea point of view. The finish was Absolutely brilliant. It's the height. It's the height that beats Courtois. It's never in his highlight. It's always above him. He's reaching. He could never get there. Liverpool bench. Estatic Theatric. Cahill 3-1 remember, they won here last season in October, shortly after Jurgen Klopp arrived. They actually went a goal down early in that game. To Ramires You can see Chelsea not troubling Mignolet One shot on target and it's probably a performance that will Conte think about making a change at halftime. Not enough happening at all. Won back by Coutinho, a little Untidily but looked in the direction of a red shirt which belonged to Nathaniel Clyne. 5 minutes or so left in the first half and we do feel if Chelsea are going to reactivate it. They need a goal before half time. The non playing Captain leader legend. We have a similar mind. Strangely enough, going two nil down takes some of the pressure off for you. You've now got to go for it. Yeah, those cat and mouse stuff now. Absolutely. If they can get a goal back they can make a huge difference before half time. If they weren't too I could see changes being made. Ivanovic Dogged work from Milner. Away from Lovren. A bit of hesitation there by Wijnaldum. It hasn't been much of that from Liverpool. Before the game, we have more mobile players than Chelsea. We are certainly told. Azpilicueta Henderson, in the way. A goal Steven Gerrard would have been proud of. He has taken on, of course, a lot of the responsibility of the departed captain. Henderson again. Mane Henderson. Lallana. Coming Infield is Clyne and taking it on the burst and taking Chelsea on just losing his balance rather than being knocked to the ground. There is a little bit arrogance in Liverpool's play on this near side looking so comfortable. Willian has done well. Gets it back again from Oscar and goes on to Chelsea. Diego Costa has now comi in from the opposite flank. Great turn of pace by Costa to get to the byline, but he. took just a fraction of a second too long and it's just another Chelsea corner. These balls can be dangerous.Need a delivery from Willian. Disappointing in the last two or three. A goal for Chelsea now, could really change the half Time Team talks. In both dressing rooms. The flick on was never threatening to Mignolet's goal. They wanted to throw it out quickly. Daniel Sturridge stopped and said calm down. Because we need to go to half time. Coutinho A little bit untidy by Kante. Kante had to foul him because Coutinho had a little pass through. I think it was Mane making the run. Saw a good 40 minutes from City in the Derby last weekend and this has been as good. It was exceptional from the City in that. Which made good. Yeah, it's better in the sense that they don't concede, of course, because Manchester City did last. couple of minutes of the first half, which changed the complexion of that game and it didn't cost them the win. Checked it out. Liverpool get the throw Just to remind you, Chelsea playing Leicester in the EFL Cup. Bit of protest from Willian. They hardly deserved Liverpool.